Remove faulty `location.href` fallback and disable `--split-linked-modules` by default (#3279)
rustwasm/wasm-bindgen: guide/src/reference/cli.md

manually configure the bundler to copy all files in `snippets/` to the output
directory, preserving their paths relative to whichever bundled file ends up
containing the JS shim.

> The no-modules target will not be able to construct a `URL` if not used inside
> a document, e.g. a worker.

Reviewer: I think this phrasing's a bit cleaner. Aside from that, looks good.

```suggestion
On the no-modules target, `link_to!` won't work if used outside of a document,
e.g. inside a worker. This is because it's impossible to figure out what the
URL of the linked module is without a reference point like `import.meta.url`.
```
